So, the nuclear question. What experience do I have with nuclear bombs?
I don't have any idea what they are. I know kind of, what goes inside
them because my job particularly deals with nuclear things but the
nuclear technology that's used to power an aircraft to go through
the water is very different from the nuclear reaction that goes on
inside a nuclear bomb. Now that's not to say that some people don't.
I was on an aircraft carrier, which means that there are no nukes on
an aircraft carrier. However, other nuclear technicians, they go on
submarines. Now, we have ballistic submarines, so they're walking
right beside those nuclear bombs. We call them tridents or yeah yeah,
I don't know anything about the submarine force, you have to ask them.